Ahora está, cuando quieres hablar con una
persona acerca de algo.
Por ejemplo, ¿qué piensas acerca del dinero?
What do you think about money?
So, ¿qué piensas acerca de?
Esa es la frase clave.
What do you think about?
Dilo conmigo.
Excellent, again, otra vez.
What do you think about?
Pretty good, great.
So, example.
What do you think about money? ¿
Qué piensas acerca del dinero?
What do you think about money?
Respuesta, answer.
I think money is important.
Yo pienso, ojo, me preguntaron what do
you think, yo respondo con I think, ojo,
th, think, I think money is important, ¿ok?
Conmigo.
Example, I think money is important, thk,
I think money is important, you, pretty
good, excellent, again, I think money is
important, pretty good, ojo con eso.
Decimos important, no important, ¿listo?
Important, pretty good.